

> Reflection on Our Final Presentation
> 

> Reflection on Other Groups’ Final Presentation
> 

# Reflection on Our Final Presentation

This week, we had our final presentation. On Tuesday, after the class, we met and discussed the preparation of our presentation. Also, we specified some details of it. We finished making the presentation slides, and we discussed who is in charge of which part. As we are all very satisfied with our contributions so far, we were confident about the presentation. 

On Thursday, we arrived early in class, and discuss the presentation. After we make sure that everyone knows what is his part, and what to say about it, we pretty much are well prepared. 

The presentation goes really well, and I think it is because we have enough things to share, we never felt awkward, or unconfident. Looking back on our final project, I think all the effort is worth it, and I am so proud of ourselves to make such a significant contribution. 

After the presentation, I finalized some details, and then submit a merge request. Now, the request has been approved, and our contribution is merged into the main master branch. Now, all the users of the Spicetify project can download and apply our unique Spotify theme. Also, our group has become a group of active contributors to the community. In the future, I will still contribute to the project, and I am really looking forward to it.

# Reflection on Other Groups’ Final Presentation

This week, we have six groups’ presentations other than ours. Among them, I want to talk about [Group 10, Blender](https://github.com/ossd-sp22/wiki/wiki/Group-10,-Blender).

From Group 10’s presentation, I realized the importance of picking the right project to work on. As group 10 mentions, it is hard to contribute to this project because the Blender project is operated on a code management platform other than Github. So, there are some differences when trying to contribute to it. Also, to submit the “PR”, with is “review” or “diff” in their platform, it takes many testing, and once a test fails, the contributor needs to deal with it and maybe submit another “PR”. Also, the program is written in C language, so it is not that easy to understand all the codes. and find the workable first issue.
