# Week 6 Blog Post


> Christopher Snider presentation; the role that open efforts play in communities
> 
<!--more-->
# Christopher Snider and his TidePool

This week, we had a conversation with Christopher Snider, who works on the open source project [TidePool](https://www.tidepool.org/open). The conversation was mainly about Christopher’s experience in TidePool, and the project itself. I can feel that Christopher is passionate about his job, and he is proud of it. This makes me more interested in the TidePool project.

TidePool is an open source project that keeps recording diabetes data of the users, and use the data to help the user themselves, and improve TidePool’s performance.

From the TidePool official website, we can tell that the work scheme of it is quite simple. It is a project that is designed for everyone and could be useful for everyone, especially the ones with diabetes.

Before the conversation, open source project to me is the coding program that only works with software layer implementation. However, TidePool also relies on the hardware. I think the combination of hardware and software could maximize the effect of products. Also, TidePool is straightforward for users. Even if the users could not read the charts, they can upload the data easily, and let others (such as TidePool, or the medical advisor) analyze it.

# Open Efforts in Communities

TidePool is an open source project that belongs to the social good field. In my opinion, the open code and resources could help to lessen the inequality worldwide, in the social good field. For example, people in countries other than the US could adapt the code, and make it more applicable in their regions. Also, the openness of the code could make sure the proper usage of data, which relates to the patients’ privacy.

In general, open efforts play a significant and irreplaceable role in the communities. It encourages the developers to make the most of the source code. For example, if I am a TidePool user, I can see the source code and tell how does my data be used, know how does TidePool tracks my diabetes levels, and give information. I will feel safer using it.

There are many other examples. The open efforts make the community more equal, safer, and more active.
