# Week 13 Blog Post

> Reflection on the brief presentations and progress reports made by other groups
> 

> Reflection on your group's progress and your own progress within the group.
> 
<!--more-->
# Reflection on the brief presentations and progress reports made by other groups

This week, we had our class final projects brief presentation. All of the groups make the presentation this week, introduced their projects, and the contribution so far. It is the first time for us to know the progress of other groups. 

Overall speaking, I think other groups also works well with significant progress. We noticed that there are many groups that also get their pull request approved. As we have experienced, after submitting a pull request, there is still long way to go to let the PR be merged. I noticed that [Group 3](https://github.com/ossd-sp22/wiki/wiki/Group-3,-Oppia) is facing the situation I just mentioned: they submit the PR, but still have to finalize it, so that the PR can pass the test and be merged.

The group that surprised me most is [Group 6](https://github.com/ossd-sp22/wiki/wiki/Group-6,-Open-Library). I noticed that they have made significant contributions, and many of their contributions are already be merged.

The most interesting part of the presentation is that there are many groups choose the same projects. For example, three groups chose [Oppia](https://github.com/oppia/oppia/), and two groups chose [Blender](https://developer.blender.org/). I think it makes the presentation really comparable: we can compare to their contributions to the same project, to see which group is doing best. If I were them, I definitely feel pressured. 

# Final Project Group Progress

This week, we continue to work on our final project. As usual, we met on Thursday both at class and after class. This week, we figured out how to use the develop tool, which save a lot of time for us. During the meeting, we mainly work on developing the new theme, and we have made significant progress on it.

By using the develop tool, we tried to make the play bar of Spotify vertical, to use the right side area of the interface. Also, we are working on the lyrics page. We tried to make the font size smaller, so that users could look through the lyrics clearly. 

Also, we are working on the current issue. However, we noticed that the issue part is less active this week, but we will keep track on the discord chat for the community, to see if there is any thing we can work on, and help for the community.
