> Reflection on the Guest Speaker Lecture
> 

> Reflection on the Final Project Presentation (Other Groups)
> 

> Reflection on our group's progress and my own progress within the group.
> 

# Reflection on the Guest Speaker Lecture

This week, we have our guest speaker on Tuesday. The guest speaker is [Riju Khatri](https://www.linkedin.com/in/riju-khatri/?originalSubdomain=in), who is an NYU graduate student. 

During the lecture, Riju shares her experience in Open Source projects development, such as the experience is [Fedora](https://getfedora.org/). When Riju was sharing her experience, I can feel her passion for Open Source project development, and I could also see that she has learned a lot from it. It is really good to hear from her about all her experiences, and I can get the resonance of it. 

# Reflection on the Final Project Presentation (Other Groups)

On Thursday this week, we had our final project presentation. I recorded the key points of their presentation. Among them, the most impressive one is [Group 1](https://github.com/ossd-sp22/wiki/wiki/Group-1-CAGOV), the [CAGOV](https://www.ca.gov/). The CAGOV project implements the [material design](https://material.io/). The first time I know the material design is when I purchased the Google Pixel phone, with the new Android 12 system. In the Android 12 system, Google implements material design for the main interface, which is new to the ground but has a lot of potential. I really like it, and I think after the market adjusts to it, it will benefit the visual design system a lot. For example, even without an excellent UI/UX design/development team, the small companies still can focus on other parts while having a good, and standard graphic user interface. 

Learning from the presentation, Group 1 mainly focus on the front-end part, and I go through some of their activities, figure out that they are good at communicating with other contributors, and they have been very active in the community

# Reflection on Our Group's Progress and My Own Progress Within the Group

This week, we met after Thursday’s class. We continued working on our new theme, and I felt that it is very efficient using the dev tools. This week, we have made a lot of progress on achieving our initial goal: move the play bar of Spotify to the right side, and make sure the new theme would cover all of the elements in the interface. 

On the weekend, I and Victoria continue to work on the theme. We have done some testing and tried different color schemes. So far, we already have 4 color schemes, which work fine on our devices. Next week, it is time for us to polish our theme, and try to make it published. For the theme and the upcoming presentation, I am confident to present the work we have done, and the contributions we have made to the class.
