---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

# Week 3 Blog Post

<aside>
💡 Introduction to Git activity; the discussion with Jim Hall
</aside>

#

This week, we learn on some basic activity about Git hub operations through command line (terminal in MacOS). Also, we had Jim Hall on the second lecture to share his experience on Open Source project development of FreeDOS. Here I want to share some thoughts on them. 

# Using [Git](https://github.com/) as if We are Geek

In the first lecture of this week, we went through the basic operations on GitHub. We learned the concept of version control system (VCS) first, in order to have a brief understanding of how GitHub works. We had a discussion on why do we need version control, and the real life examples of version control system. To me, version control is way more than coding projects and apps. Many of our textbooks are version control systems, because it has many editions, and many different versions. There are two types of VCS, centralized VCS and distributed VCS. Of course, GitHub is distributed VCS, because it has significantly better performance when it comes to group working.

We learned many different operations on GitHub, including git config, git clone, git status, git remote, git pull and git push ...etc I remember one of my classmate asked if git pull will overwrite the existing changes on local machine, and if git push will overwrite the existing changes on git, which shows the most significant feature of GitHub: the outstanding ability to handle conflict and changes. 

The first time I use git operations is last summer, in my internship. Back to that time, I was a freshman on GitHub, but I learned a lot at that summer. Even thought I do not practice a lot last semester, and I am not an active user before this semester, I get my skills back this week. I think the things we learned is useful, and efficient. 

### Practice Makes Perfect!

# Jim Hall’s talk

On the second lecture this week, Jim Hall gives us a great speech on open source project development. He is definitely a very experience open source project contributor. I can feel his passion on keep contributing to a project, and connect with everyone in this community. 

By the end of the lecture, I asked if Jim would use FreeDOS (the open source project on a Disk Operating System) to develop the FreeDOS project. (For example writing codes and push the code to the cloud) Also, if he will expect other developers to do so. He mentioned that it is likely, and workable, which makes me feel the value of FreeDOS, and his passion on it. I really want to know him more, and have some contribution on open source project development.
