# Week 5 Blog Post


<aside>
💡 Evaluation on existed open source project; watch some videos about the diverse application of  open source projects
</aside>
<!--more-->
# Intro

This week, we evaluated some existing open source projects at class ( with my assigned group). We also watched some videos about the worldwide open source projects which have various way of applications.

# Open Source Project Evaluation

The open source project we assigned to was [FontView](https://github.com/googlefonts/fontview), which allow users to preview the font before using it, and it also benefits the developers when developing and testing new fonts. It is a light, useful, and quite interesting. 

However, when evaluating the project, we found that the project does not have the code of conduct document, and it seems becomes inactive ever since the pandemic of covid in late 2019. 

As for the contributors, it seems like the main contributors are only 3-4, and they stop being active after the outbreak of covid. Also, we felt like there are no many discussions in the “[Issue](https://github.com/googlefonts/fontview/issues)” site of the project. Moreover, there is no other channels for the developers to contribute to the project. 

From this project, we can tell that it is never easy to make a project stay active. Also, as the main contributor, it is hard to consistently focus on, and works on the project.  (Consistently) Contributing to open source projects is never easy.

# Videos

## Open Data in Chile

The video about open data in Chile impressed me a lot. It shows how does the open source projects help Chile to become better and better. The most important thing is that the country never lack of people who are willing to, passionate to make the data becomes more meaningful. Those creative people are the key for open data in Chile to have its own value. 

## Food Computer

Food computer is an interesting project. I took the Interaction Lab course under Interactive Media Are major in NYU Shanghai, and the project we made is quite similar to the one in the video. The food computer relies on the Raspberry Pi, and uses the different censors to detect the detailed conditions of the plants, and make sure them growing well. It is a brilliant idea, and the open source part make this project applicable in different regions.
