# Week 7 Blog Post

Class: Open Source
Created: March 14, 2022 12:04 PM
Reviewed: No
Type: Blog Post

> The Cathedral and the Bazaar; Open Source in Global Affairs; The Projects to Contribute to
> 
<!--more-->

# The Cathedral and the Bazaar

[The Cathedral and the Bazaar](http://www.catb.org/~esr/writings/cathedral-bazaar/cathedral-bazaar/index.html#catbmain) is a very short essay is based on the author’s observations of the
 development process and his experiences managing an open source project. In the essay, the author talked about the different ways of developing software in terms of “**Cathedral**” for “carefully crafted by individual wizards or small bands of mages working in splendid isolation, with no beta to be released before its time”, and “**Bazaar**” for “release early and often, delegate everything you can, be open to the point of promiscuity”. By discussing two different ways of developing softwares. the author points out the importance of “Bazaar” way of development.

During class, we also discussed some of the sentences in the essay. Some of them really impressed me a lot. 

> ****Treating your users as co-developers is your least-hassle route to rapid code improvement and effective debugging.****
> 

In my opinion, I think the first step for us to get into an open source project is to put ourselves into the user’s role. We need to be the user first, so that we can get to know the project more. Then we try to become the developer, but we still need to take users’ feedback.

Also, the cathedral and the bazaar mode is the key of the open source development community. The linux system, and the other background and environmental softwares, are the part of “Cathedral”, which provides a stable and friendly environment. The smaller apps and projects are the “Bazaar” part. These active projects make the community healthy. These two modes are both necessary to the open source community. 

# Open Source in Global Affairs

In the class, we also learned some real life cases about applying open source in global affairs. and also how do open source projects affect real life. 

Since the invasion of Russian in Ukraine, I was thinking how to find/create an open source which can help people to verify the reliability of information, because there are so many misinformation and disinformation spreading around us, especially from two countries in the war. 

Among all of the cases we learned, [OSINT](https://www.massnews.com/how-open-source-intelligence-became-the-worlds-window-into-the-ukraine-invasion/) is closest to the project I want to have. OSINT stands for Open Source Intelligence, which enable people to share intelligence happening all around the world. Also, it is a project that using people’s intelligence to verify the claimed “facts”. OSINT’s researchers can tell the video of Putin meeting with his security council to discuss Ukraine was not broadcast live by analyzing the details, which is impressive.

We can see that open source project can play an important role in global affairs. However, we still don’t know it is good or bad, or in both ways. It really depends on how people use it, and what group of people use it. Also, I need to point out that when people think they are doing something right, they might be wrong. 

# The Projects to Contribute to

The project I want to contribute to is [Spicetify](https://github.com/spicetify/spicetify-cli), which is an app level add-on for [Spotify](https://www.spotify.com/us/). Spicetify allows users to change the theme of Spotify, and it is even possible to make a customized theme by themselves. The first reason that I choose it is because I do use it in my life. I think it is really cool, and malleable. Also, I have check its GitHub page, and it is a really active project. 

For this project, I want to fix at least 3 issues, and make one pull request. Furthermore, I want to make my own theme. 

I think the most challenging thing would be fixing the issues. It might be hard to debug, while understand the source code would not be easy for me. Anyways, I am looking forward to work on it.
