# Week 10 Blog Post


> Reflection on the class discussion and readings about business models surrounding open source and reasons why companies chose to use open source projects;
> 

> Final Project group progress

<!--more-->

# Business Models of Open Source

On Tuesday this week, we discuss the business models of open source projects. As mentioned in the slides, Open Source is not a business model, but different open source projects follows different business models. 

Learning from the class, I summarize four different representative business models for open source projects:

- Support and services
- Advertisement partnerships
- Paid additional features (open core)
- Software-as-a-Service (SaaS)

As the class go deeper, we learned more details of the four models. In the discussion with Tom Callaway, we knew that RedHat was followed the Support and services model (if I remember it correctly) in its earlier stage. Also, as mentioned in the slides, RedHat offers subscription of its originally operating system. The same company/ project might has multiple business models. 

As for Paid additional features (open core), we was introduced to GitHub and GitLab. I used GitLab in last summer, during my intern at a Chinese tech company. Open core means that having the core part of the project open source, but holding proprietary of add-ons. I think it is a realistic idea for many companies. 

Among those models, the best one to me is support and services, since it is flexible to companies and individual users. For the ones who are willing to explore, and open to technology, they can use the project with lower cost, while it is convenient for those companies who are willing to pay. 

# Final Project Group Progress

This week, we continue to work on our final project. As getting more and more familiar with our teammates, we worked well and have made a lot of progress in this week. During the in-class group meeting on Thursday, we updated the progress with our professor. We submitted a pull request, and received the feedback by one of the participants who in charge of the part we contributed. This week, we followed up to this pull request, and make further communication with that guy. We really want to have our first approved pull request, and we are really looking forward to it. 

During the in-class meeting and the weekly meeting after class, we working on finding the solution of the open issues. We have found some of the issues and worked on solving it. The process went well, and we have replied to the one who report the issues.

Also, we are working on developing a new theme. We went through the existing themes, and discussed about how to make a unique theme. We decided to start from writing .css and .ini code, and eventually add some unique functions on it by writing JavaScript code. I am looking forward to continue working on it with my teammates, and shows the pleasant improvement on the final project presentation.
