> Reflection on the videos about different industries' use of open source technologies, the reasons behind the use of open source, and the relationship between industry and open source projects.
> 

> Group's progress on the final project
> 
<!--more-->
# Videos about different industries’ use of open source technologies

This week, we have watched some videos about open source applications in different industries. There were four videos that introduced open source applications in different fields. Among them, the most attractive one to me is the impact of [InnerSource](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4DY2WB66RU) on companies. 

## Reasons Behind the Use of Open Source

In my opinion, the application of InnerSource is a more realistic and beneficial way to imply open source in big companies at this moment. As we know, there are many companies and organizations concerning about the security and privacy issue when trying to apply open source technologies in their projects, especially in the banking industry. In this case, InnerSource would be a possible solution for the companies. 

By applying InnerSource, people in different departments and branches of the same company could work on the same project. Of course, the project might belong to some team, but InnerSource makes multiple teams’ collaboration possible. Also, InnerSource is the way to use the whole company’s intelligence to solve problems and finalize the project.

## Relationship Between Industry and Open Source Projects

From my point of view, the relationship between industry and open source projects is a “mutually beneficial symbiosis” relation. Open-source technologies definitely help different kinds of industries to improve their inner technologies. Also, it is the wide application of open source projects that makes open source profitable, and it is the key for open source to keep being active, and developing.

# Final Project Group Progress

This week, we continue to work on our final project. As usual, we met on Thursday both at class and after class. During the meeting, we mainly take about the issues we got, and the process of solving them. 

We kept tracking the pull request we submitted. After our pull request was approved by the one who is in charge of the contribution review, we received notifications saying there are some existing merge conflicts. Then, I quickly realized that the merge conflict is because we have some developing (have not finished yet) themes in our repository. So, the merge causes some issues. After realizing that, we figured out that we actually need to clear our master branch, and develop our code on other branches. This means the pull request we submitted should be based on the master branch of our repository. I think the mistake we made is because we are still new to working on open source projects. However, we are more and more familiar with it.

After we solved the merge conflict issues to get our pull request approved and applied, we also discussed some of the possible issues to work on. I volunteered to work on one [bug](https://github.com/spicetify/spicetify-themes/issues/676) which is new in an open issue. However, it takes me a long while to find the solution to it, and when I worked it out, I came back to the issue and noticed it was closed 20 minutes ago. I think this is the lesson that I must take when developing open source projects.

We are also working on our new theme. We have discussed a lot about how to make it, and other details about it. Hopefully we will have a more clear picture of it in the presentation next Tuesday.
